[Music]
my name is Philo and I was born and over
at the bar
back then the city's heartbeat like any
other force ferries a manner of
creatures lived alongside assumes in
relative peace
until war changed everything Rossi's the
chance to defend my home an opportunity
to repay the city that raised me
and that's when I met her she was my
world until they came for us
I barely escaped and I wasn't alone when
I where to go the world's races fled to
the burg where city was changing the
darkness was growing
we're once a peaceful city stood racial
animosity took hold and subjected the
creatures to animalistic cruelty they'll
never accept us
I vow to protect those that couldn't
protect themselves whatever it took
[Music]
something is coming
a darkness
you know
and the light
you
[Music]